
Beautiful Soup
For extracting (scraping) information from web pages. 
It uses an HTML or XML parser (lxml) and functions for iterating, searching, and modifying the parse tree.
pip install beautifulsoup4 lxml


Gekko
Gekko provides an interface to gradient-based solvers for machine learning and optimization of mixed-integer, differential algebraic equations, and time series models. 
Gekko provides exact first and second derivatives through automatic differentiation and discretization with simultaneous or sequential methods.
pip install gekko


Keras
Keras provides an interface for artificial neural networks. Keras acts as an interface for the TensorFlow library. 
Other backend packages were supported until version 2.4. 
TensorFlow is now the only backend and is installed separately with pip install tensorflow.
pip install keras


Matplotlib
The package matplotlib generates plots in Python.
pip install matplotlib


Numpy
Numpy is a numerical computing package for mathematics, science, and engineering. 
pip install numpy


OpenCV
OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library) is a package for real-time computer vision and developed with support from Intel Research.
pip install opencv-python


Pandas
Pandas visualizes and manipulates data tables. 
There are many functions that allow efficient manipulation for the preliminary steps of data analysis problems.
pip install pandas


Pandas-Profiling
Pandas Profiling generates more detailed analysis than the pandas describe function. 
The widgets extension needs to be enabled as part of this installation to use widget reports that are interactive results in the Python notebook.
pip install pandas-profiling[notebook]
jupyter nbextension enable --py widgetsnbextension


Plotly
Plotly renders interactive plots with HTML and JavaScript. Plotly Express is included with Plotly.
pip install plotly


PyTorch
PyTorch enables deep learning, computer vision, and natural language processing. 
Development is led by Facebook's AI Research lab (FAIR).
pip install torch


Scikit-Learn
Scikit-Learn (or sklearn) includes a wide variety of classification, regression and clustering algorithms including neural network, support vector machine, random forest, gradient boosting, k-means clustering, and other supervised or unsupervised learning methods.
pip install scikit-learn


SciPy
SciPy is a general-purpose package for mathematics, science, and engineering and extends the base capabilities of NumPy.
pip install scipy


Seaborn
Seaborn is built on matplotlib, and produces detailed plots in few lines of code.
pip install seaborn


Statsmodels
Statsmodels is a package for exploring data, estimating statistical models, and performing statistical tests. It include descriptive statistics, statistical tests, plotting functions, and result statistics.
pip install statsmodels


Temperature Control Lab
The Temperature Control Lab is used throughout the course for hands-on activities such as the Learn Python and Data Science modules. Data can also be generated from a digital twin simulator if a TCLab device is not connected. Use TCLabModel to generate simulated data wherever TCLab is used to connect Python to the physical lab.
pip install tclab


TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open source machine learning platform with particular focus on training and inference of deep neural networks. Development is led by the Google Brain team.
pip install tensorflow


XGBoost
XGBoost is an open-source in Python and other data science platforms for gradient boosting. Unique features include tree penalization, proportional leaf node shrinking, Newton boosting, and scalable computing architectures. 
It is frequently the tool of choice of winning teams for Kaggle machine learning competitions.
pip install xgboost

